[Music]
[Applause]
thus had very big plans
he wanted to revolutionize music as it
sounds the night that he was born and
looked at me he's big eyes just like a
little peak like seven eight months ago
I'm not really like a professional
musician have this good speaking into
microphone these songs
[Music]
apparently got a Wikipedia page on is
your alternative rock R&B hip-hop track
evoke
[Applause]
[Music]
when we just know off rent that this
persons of stars there was something
very innocent he didn't really
understand why there was such a
interesting him is ridiculous now you
have everybody coming around you for all
the wrong reasons
do the never tell people to leave saying
they'll lose somebody to him like
hurting them
[Music]
we're anxious about not being able to be
enough for everyone if you leave me a
real life you'll find out I have a lot
of insecurities
things just get worse because of the
traveling and the touring and the
pressure yeah being Saudi just gets
worse he fought his way through a lot of
pain
this matzah baby
and I gotta go
I
me further shows now why you cry a body
crying I feel like I never tired
I feel like I'm still alive
you